Aimed for data analyst and consultants looking to leverage Tableau to gather data insights
through business dashboards.
Having Experience in Dashboard and have the ability to make data-driven decisions in real time.

Pre-requisists:
--------------
> Tableau Public Acc. &
> Version of Tableau Public Desktop Application (2024.2)  
> Understanding of how to interpret tabular data
> Some statistical knowledge in Max, Min, Sum, Average..
 
Task - 1:
-------
. Exploring Tableau Public Website
. Connecting to data on Tableau Public
. Navigating Tableau Public Desktop Applicaton UI to start building out your business dashboard.

. TableauPublic.com


Terminologies:
-------------
1.	Pills : The fieds in Data Panel called. Due to its Pill like shape
2.      The Blue Pills represent the DISCRETE FILEDS.
	The Green Pills represent the CONTINUOUS FILEDS.



Task -2 :
------

Contionous & Discrete : Mix
 
	Discrete Dimension, Continuous Dimension
	Discrete Measure, Continuous Measure


CONTINUOUS FIELD: 
	.Consists of an Infinite no. of values that orm an uninterrupted,unbroken hole within a range.
	. This means these continuous fields can get infinitely more and more granular due to 
 the extreme caused by decimals. Dist., Height, and Weight are some examples of a continuous field,and when added to the field they can produce an Axis.
	Ex:	Columns : SUM(Sales)
		Rows	: Category

	
DISCRETE FIELDS: 
	. Consists of finite and countable values.
	. These Values are Individual, Countable, sepaerate, and distinct.
	. They are typically represented by Whole numbers, so no decimals.


Task - 3: Creatinng Visualizations in TABLEAU PUBLIC DESKTOP APP.
------- 
. Create KPI BANs, BarCharts, Line Graphs, and a Map
. Learn how to duplicate charts
. Clean up visulaization formatiining

Key Takeaways:
	> Understand the Data Field: Request a DATA DICTIONARY to help guide you on which fields to use and don't be afraid to ask questions about the data.
	
	> Clean up Tooltips: Tooltips can be easily overlooked when building, but can be easily noticed accidentally when a viewer looks at a dashboard.
	
	> Limit Slices in a Pie Chart: The less slices you have in a pie chart, the more effective and the easier to convey information.
 



 